Package bumps (#30)
xddq/ts2typebox: changelog.md

# 1.6.2

> - Updated code generation to use `CloneType` instead of deprecated `TypeClone` from @sinclair/typebox >0.34.35

Reviewer: please add the suggestion

```suggestion
- Updated code generation to use `CloneType` instead of deprecated `TypeClone`. New minimum versions: @sinclair/typebox ^0.34.35 and @typebox/codegen ^0.10.5
```
